Previously on "Alias"...
I met Emily after I started
working at Credit Dauphine.
She was the mother
all of us wish we had.
Emily, we did it.
Are you sure it worked?
Yes, my love.
We're free.
I've been sent here to
investigate Michael Vaughn.
It's come to our attention
that over the past three months,
Mr. Vaughn has been in contact
with unapproved operatives.
You're being investigated.
If there is some explanation
for what you've been doing
I need to hear what it is.
Right now.
You suggest that
we allow Irina Derevko
to make contact
with Arvin Sloane?
I've had 20 years to reflect on
that woman's ability to deceive.
Trust me.
If she lies to me again,
I'll know it.
The plan was for Mr. Sloane
to meet you here.
For security reasons,
I'm afraid that's impossible.
If you get in,
I'll take you to him.
We've lost downlink.
Jack, we're blind. You're
gonna have to follow her.
- Activate the tracking device.
- I can't.
Step out of the car, please.
Thank you for extracting me.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Freeze!
We have a casualty. Woman down.
We need a medic.
They'll keep me
in debrief for a while.
You'll be okay.
If you never see me again,
it was fun.
Shut up.
Mr. Vaughn, Mr. Yeager
would like to...
Talk to me.
Yeah, I know.
Dad, I need to talk
to you about Vaughn.
- I know.
- He's innocent.
He was investigating mom.
It wasn't treason.
The operation in Panama
didn't go as planned.
What happened?
Is mom okay?
Your mother betrayed us,
betrayed the CIA.
Her meeting with Sloane was
staged to secure her escape.
Sloane could have set up
the meet to abduct her.
Before the operation, she
swapped the Rambaldi manuscript.
She left us with a fake.
She and Sloane are now
in possession of the original.
Sydney, they planned this.
I heard about your mother.
I'm so sorry.
There's a briefing
in 10 minutes.
They're drawing up a plan to
capture Sloane and your mother.
I'm supposed to tell you
you're not obligated to go.
My mother's earrings.
They found a note she left.
She wanted me to have them.
Just now, when my dad
was telling me,
the first thought I had
was that she was dead.
That she'd been killed.
I had this whole thing
in my head.
That she died proving herself.
A hero.
No one can be blamed for
trusting their own mother.
I wish that she had been killed.
I still have operatives
in St. Petersburg,
Madrid, and Cairo.
How reliable?
They're loyal.
Good.
You? You all right?
The extraction went well.
I'm asking about you, Irina.
I'm happy to see you again.
I was thinking
the same thing myself.
What about the genetic database?
Sark and I will
meet you in Zurich
as soon as we've acquired it.
You'll have the file soon.
Good. I'll be in Tuscany
with Emily.
How is she?
She's in remission.
The hard part for her now
is missing the people
that she had to leave behind.
Especially Sydney.
You know how much we loved her.
As if she were our own.
Excuse us.
I see through you.
You must know that.
This is who I am.
You may need to
think of yourself
as an honorable husband
or father figure, but I don't.
I will never see
that man in you.
Which, frankly, is why
we have this agreement.
You need to get some rest.
Never talk to me about
your love for Sydney again.
Get some rest.
As many of you know,
our attempt to capture
Arvin Sloane failed.
We believe that Irina Derevko,
while in our custody,
made contact with Sloane,
informed him of our
intention to apprehend him,
and used it as
an opportunity to escape.
Due to Jack Bristow's
intimate knowledge
of the fugitives in question
and his long-standing record
of accurate predictions
regarding Derevko,
Langley has given him
operational control
of this task force.
In all likelihood,
Sloane and Derevko have formed
a strategic partnership.
As of this morning,
our single aim will be
their apprehension.
Derevko has been tagged
with a passive tracking device.
Excuse me, sir.
Sorry to interrupt.
By the way, congratulations
on heading the task force.
The device that we implanted
wasn't passive.
Yes, it is.
I removed the original device in
case Derevko was swept for bugs.
Without her knowledge,
I injected her
with a passive transmitter.
Wow. Actually,
that's really smart.
Because if they do a bug sweep,
they won't pick up anything
until it transmits.
How'd you plant it
without her knowing?
The transmitter's programmed
to send a signal
12 hours from now.
That allows her enough time
to reach Sloane
before going active.
A tactical team is on standby.
Once we acquire the signal,
we'll move in
and take them into custody.
I don't know what to say.
This house is...
When will we know
if they accept the offer?
I closed last week.
What?
I wanted to surprise you.
I just wanted to make you happy.
These past few months
have been like a bad dream.
Thank God we got through it.
I love you.
Nice grouping.
Hey.
What happened?
They downgraded
my security clearance
until counterintelligence
clears me.
Your father convinced them
to keep me field-rated.
Then you heard about my mother.
Yeah.
You were right
to investigate her.
- Sydney...
- It's the truth.
I am not blaming you.
It's me.
I was so naive about her.
I don't think you should be
part of this task force.
You know how I feel
about Irina Derevko.
But no one should have to hunt
down their own mother.
She was never my mother.
You want to believe that?
Don't. Don't condescend...
That is not what I'm doing.
If you corner her and you
hesitate even for one second,
it could cost you your life.
I won't hesitate.
Let me be blunt, Jack.
I accepted your recommendation
to trust Derevko
because you made
a strong argument.
A personal one.
Which I now understand
you didn't believe,
or you would never have placed
a transmitter on that woman
without informing me.
It was my call to let her out.
I stand by that.
But you blindsided me.
And your pretense of an apology
doesn't do any good.
I'll be equally blunt.
From the moment
Irina Derevko walked in,
you ordered Sydney
to deal with her
over my objections.
With absolute disregard
for her well-bring.
That was my prerogative.
That said, it's not
my intention to replace you.
As soon as I'm satisfied
that Derevko can never harm
my daughter again,
you'll have your title back.
Excuse me.
I'm not sure who I'm
supposed to address.
You're both here.
Who's in charge?
- What is it?
- What do you want?
The transmitter that Mr. Bristow
injected into his wife.
Ex-wife. Sorry.
It just went active.
And we're tracking her.
Base ops has tracked
Derevko's signal to Stuttgart.
Once on the ground,
we will confirm
with visual identification.
We will not engage until we know
the whereabouts of all three.
We move in only after
Derevko's led us to Sloane.
Like many
pharmaceutical companies,
the firm I represent
has monitored your work.
Mapping the human genome.
We are interested
in licensing that work.
We are in the process
of fielding offers,
I'm afraid your firm...
I'm not familiar with it.
Oh, we're a small
Scandinavian consortium.
I would not have come
if I did not believe
my offer was significant.
Our server room is where
the data is processed.
- Right this way.
- Thank you.
The servers are located
beyond radio contact.
When you're prepared for
extraction, I'll be standing by.
We're two blocks
from the signal.
Any intel on that location?
Brucker Biotech.
The German Human Genome Project.
We're running
a complete analysis.
Every patent, biographies,
political contributions.
Sloane and Derevko getting their
hands on genetic research.
That can't be good.
I've hacked into
their CCTV system.
I'm relaying the feed
to you now.
Let's see what we've got.
Agent Bristow,
we're pulling into position.
My name is Peter Garrow.
I'm Miss Herksgard's assistant.
I'm running late.
Would it be possible to have
a pass at the front desk?
Thank you.
Sark.
We have an I.D.
He's entering the building.
We see him.
Hold your position.
For now. We've confirmed
Derevko and Sark.
- That's good enough for me.
- Noted.
It took 15 years of analysis,
but we assembled the information
into a high-resolution DNA map
of unequaled detail.
Hey.
Sark's taking out cameras.
- We lost the feed.
- They may know we're here.
There's a team out front.
We've been tracked.
I swept myself.
I'm clean.
Jack.
- The mission’s compromised.
- It's not impossible.
- We could lose everything.
- The transmitter is active.
- We can track them.
- Sloane may not be here.
They may not be
working with Sloane.
I don't understand.
When we extracted you,
we scanned for transmitters.
It must have been
on a time delay.
Do it.
- We lost her.
- How?
I don't know.
Fried somehow. Overloaded.
There's nothing I can do.
If we lose her now,
we lose her for good.
Move in.
Call Brucker. Tell them we have
terrorists on the premises.
Have them seal the building.
We will meet them in the lobby.
This will get us
into the hard drive.
- Is the file on the network?
- Yes, but it's encrypted.
I'll transfer the file.
We can decipher later.
- How long to download?
- Five minutes.
Make sure there's
no evidence we were here.
All right. I'll set
the detonator for six minutes.
Meet me at the extraction point.
Vaughn.
You okay?
Yeah, I'm okay.
Come on.
- What about Derevko?
- She's gotta be here.
Sydney!
Dad, I see her.
We're going after her.
She's exiting the building.
Yeah, I'll talk to you later.
What's for dinner?
Ribollita.
It's bread-and-vegetable soup.
That sounds great.
I'll get the Barolo.
Okay.
Hello?
May I speak with your husband?
Yes, just a moment.
It's for you.
It's a woman.
Thanks.
Yeah?
I've recovered the file.
But I was tracked.
By whom?
The CIA.
Until we know, we have to assume
you've been exposed as well.
You'd better leave the house
until we know for sure.
Yeah. I agree.
Meet me at the airfield.
Okay.
We have to leave.
- What? Who was that?
- I'll explain everything later.
We have to leave.
It's a precaution.
Against what?
What's going on?
Listen to me. We have to
leave the house now.
I don't understand.
Look at me.
You have to trust me.
Please.
Aside from cancer studies,
Brucker sponsored
genetic research.
The mapping and
sequencing of chromosomes.
It's rumored that
they have cataloged
the DNA of private citizens.
Some say millions.
If that's true, then...
Sorry to interrupt.
I just...
Is that suede?
Yes.
Sloane could develop
a genetically targeted virus.
He could pollute the water
supply to kill one person.
When he or she takes
a drink of water or a shower,
the water would permeate
to the system.
I'll instruct the NSA
to add every derivation
of "genetics" to
the Echelon watch list.
Uh, excuse me one second.
Did you say that
before the explosion,
your mother called
your name?
Yes.
Why'd she do that?
Doesn't that seem weird?
Or is that just me?
It's cool if it is just me.
It is just me, isn't it?
Irina might have wanted
to save Sydney's life.
I doubt that's the case.
What do you mean,
you own this?
It's my plane, sweetheart.
It's ours.
I've been more than patient.
It's enough.
Hello.
I don't understand.
Laura, I thought...
Arvin will tell you.
The disk.
As promised.
Emily, sit down.
How long have you known
she was alive?
A couple of months.
And you didn't tell me this?
- What is going on?
- Emily...
Tell me! Don't treat me
like a fool.
Stop telling me
the deception is over.
I had to wait.
I wanted to make sure
it was gonna work.
What are we doing here with
a woman who died 20 years ago?
What I'm pursuing...
...is truth.
Truth?
Good. Well, that
explains it all.
I guess you and I are
looking for the same thing.
Emily, what I'm looking for,
among other things...
...will let you live
cancer-free.
I am cancer-free.
Forever.
You're saying that
in high school,
my girlfriend
dated the quarterback?
It was no big deal.
He was just this god.
What was his name? Frank?
I forgot all about that guy.
Wow.
I went shopping,
and I saw something.
It reminded me of you.
You bought Vaughn a present?
Why not?
Because it's the weirdest
thing of all time?
It reminded me of him.
Maybe you could
do that for me sometime.
Nice. Thanks.
You're making me look bad.
I haven't bought him anything.
Sydney's saying that you're
wearing suits. I thought...
Oh, wow.
It's beautiful.
Thank you. That's very sweet.
You're welcome.
We have to go.
- What's going on?
- You need to see this.
What is this?
The camera at our consulate
in Florence last night.
- She's alive.
- She walked through the door.
Told the guard she was
the wife of Arvin Sloane.
She wants to cooperate
with the CIA.
She'll only talk to you.
I spoke at your funeral.
Arvin told me.
Yesterday, I felt exactly
the way you do now.
Seeing someone
I thought was gone.
My mother.
- You know.
- Yes.
I never wanted to
put you through that.
But Arvin and I had no choice.
The Alliance had to
believe I was dead.
You knew about his involvement
with The Alliance.
And you stayed with him.
I know this is difficult
for you to understand.
But when I found out
I had cancer, Arvin...
...was my tether.
To hope.
To survival.
When I went into remission,
he told me the truth.
He asked for my forgiveness
and promised that he would
make things right.
He's been my whole world
for 30 years.
He saved my life.
I couldn't deny my husband
a second chance.
Except nothing's changed.
I'm assuming that's
why you're here.
He told me his plan.
To find out what this man
Rambaldi was working on.
He rationalizes what he's done.
He says he's doing it
for us. For me.
But even if I believed him...
...I won't be the excuse
for his crimes.
I won't live with that
on my conscience.
I'll help you bring him in.
But I need you to guarantee me
something in return.
What?
That he won't get
the death penalty.
I want it in writing before
I tell you where he is.
We can't make that deal.
For all we know, Sloane sent
his wife to mislead us.
Sydney trusts Emily.
Congratulations.
Is that enough reason
to take that chance?
Why not threaten her
with prosecution?
Compel her to tell us?
Prosecution for what?
Are you kidding me?
Conspiracy, fraud,
aiding and abetting.
We need Emily.
I believe she'll lead us
to Sloane and Irina.
Fine.
It's your call anyway,
isn't it?
Go to Florence with Dixon.
I'll tell Sydney
to make the deal.
A tactical plan will be ready
by the time you land.
I'm meeting a man this afternoon
who can get us six hours
on a Cray X1 computer.
It should be able to decrypt
the genetic database.
Are you there?
What if I told you that
I wanted you to buy me out?
That I'd be willing to sell you
the breadth of my assets.
My contacts.
All the Rambaldi artifacts
I've acquired over
the last 30 years.
Everything.
I'd say either you're setting
me up to be killed...
...or I underestimated
your love for your wife.
Well, I'm going back
to Tuscany to see Emily.
The house is safe.
Emily's meeting me there.
I'll bring the database with me.
You can pick it up there.
I can't blame Emily.
She's right.
I want out.
This document guarantees
that the Justice Department
will not pursue
the death penalty
for your husband.
Take a few minutes
to read it before you sign.
I don't need to.
You understand you're gonna
have to wear a wire.
The operation’s being drawn up.
The raid will be dangerous,
but you're gonna be fine.
We will protect you.
Sydney...
I know I've disappointed you.
That I chose to stay with Arvin.
That I came here
asking you to show mercy
for a man who took
so much away from you.
You're in
an impossible situation.
At your funeral...
I said that I've always thought
of you as my real mother.
I meant it.
He's going to know.
It's odd. I feel like
I'm talking to myself.
It's comforting to know that
you're out there listening.
Oh, God, I think he's here.
The genetic database
is in the safe in the study.
It's just off to the left.
That's the combination.
Are you certain about this?
Yeah. Yeah.
I'm sorry.
There's no point in continuing
if you're not with me.
We're on.
You've said that before.
It's different.
What changed so much in one day?
Everything.
When Emily says she's going to
the wine cellar, we move.
The things you've done.
There's just been
too much suffering.
You have every right
not to believe me.
But it doesn't matter.
You will.
I will never leave you again.
Arvin.
I'm here to say goodbye.
Emily.
Do you remember how it felt
when I found you on the beach
and I told you that it was over?
- Arvin.
- All that matters is this.
What we have between us.
- Just stop.
- That no one else is a part of.
Oh, God, please just stop.
We lost the signal.
Sloane may have found the wire.
The CIA's been listening.
They're here.
We have to go.
Doesn't matter.
All I need to know right now
is whether you want
to come with me.
Come with you?
If you don't want to,
I'll understand.
But, Emily, please.
Please. You have to make
your mind up right now.
Now.
Yes.
I will.
Sloane!
- Come on.
- Go.
I have the disk.
Ready for extraction.
Copy that.
They're in some tunnel.
It starts to the east.
Check to see where it leads.
Copy. On my way.
Freeze! Don't move!
Go, go, go.
Do you have the disk?
# As the music #
# At the banquet #
Syd.
Are you okay?
I don't want to talk.
Not now.
# As the firelight #
# In the night #
# So are you to me #
- Is that your phone?
- Mnh-mnh. Yours?
No.
# As the ruby #
# In the setting #
# As the fruit #
# On the tree... #
What is that?
My mother's earrings.
- I thought they were checked.
- They were.
Wait.
- It's a pattern.
- Dash-dot-dash.
That's a "K."
Definitely Morse code.
An "E."
That's a "T."
That's another "T."
It's encoded.
# As the wind blows
over the plain #
What are you doing?
# So are you #
# To me #
# So are you to me #
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org